I want to preach as the Holy Spirit shall give me help from the topic, how to have thanksgiving every day.
Lord, bless your word.
Bless your preacher.
Give us ears to hear.
Challenge our ingratitude.
Convict us of complaining.
Open our eyes so we might see every blessing you bestowed upon us.
Bless your preacher so he might be a blessing to your people.
In Jesus' name, amen.
I love holidays.
Can't speak for anybody but myself.
But I love holidays.
Whether it's New Year's Day with blackout peas and colored greens.
Or highlighting red, black, and green for Juneteenth.
I love holidays, whether it is sacrificing, praying and fasting during the season of Lent or celebrating the birth of Jesus on Christmas.
I love holidays.
Whether it is the unofficial beginning of the summer on Memorial Day or Resurrection Sunday when we celebrate the resurrection of our Savior and Lord Jesus Christ.
Whether it is Pentecost Sunday when we celebrate the birth of the Christian church or Rosa Parks Day on December 1st.
I love holidays.
I can't speak for any of you, but I have a deep appreciation for holidays and holy days.
One of my favorite holidays is the holiday we have named and claimed as Thanksgiving.
I love
Thanksgiving not because of football, turkey, mac and cheese, crab cakes, candy yams, spades, family fun and fellowship.
But I love Thanksgiving because we are encouraged to appreciate, count, celebrate and be thankful for how good God has been to us.
If any day on the calendar encourages gratitude, appreciation, and thanksgiving, it is that Thursday we have named and claimed as thanksgiving.
And while thanksgiving is one of my favorite holidays watched Apple, I believe and am convinced that we have been doing something wrong.
While Thanksgiving is celebrated annually, I believe as the people of God, Dr. Adela, that Thanksgiving ought not be an annual holiday, but Thanksgiving ought to be something we celebrate every day.
Can I preach this?
We ought not just celebrate Thanksgiving on an annual basis.
But as the people of God who have been blessed and benefited by Almighty God, we ought to celebrate Thanksgiving every day.
And as the people of God, y'all helped me do my good preaching on this Sunday morning.
As the people of God, we ought to be aware and conscious of how good God has been to us.
Consequently, we ought not celebrate Thanksgiving annually, quarterly.
monthly, biweekly, weekly, but we ought to celebrate Thanksgiving every day.
I wish I had a witness on this Sunday morning as if God has only been good to us one day out of the year, as if God has only been good to us once a quarter, as if God has only been good to us once a month, as if God has only been good to us biweekly.
as if God has only been good to us weekly, as if God has not been good to us every day we wake up and see the beauty of God's creation.
I wish I had some believers who knew beyond the shadow of a doubt you are blessed by the hand of Almighty God.
And while we celebrate Thanksgiving annually,
I believe from this day forward, we ought to celebrate and have Thanksgiving every day.
Can I preach this watch, Apple?
Thanksgiving is not a mere holiday to be celebrated annually, but rather Thanksgiving is a habit that ought to be cultivated every day.
Let's not treat Thanksgiving like an annual holiday, but according to Psalm 118, the psalmist encourages us not to treat Thanksgiving like an annual holiday, but the psalmist encourages us to celebrate and treat Thanksgiving like a holy habit that we celebrate every day.
If you read Psalm 118, watch temple, the psalmist is grateful, appreciative, and thankful for the goodness of God towards him.
And we walk through Psalm 118 from verse one to verse 29, we find rezons Deacon Skeen to celebrate, appreciate, and be thankful for the goodness of God in our lives.
And the psalmist is encouraging us to watch chapel, not just to celebrate annually, but the psalmist is encouraging us to treat Thanksgiving like a holy habit that ought to be celebrated every day.
So on Thursday, say it ain't enough, but I dare somebody on today Sunday, on Monday,
On Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and next Sunday to treat Thanksgiving like a habit that ought to be celebrated every day.
Can I preach this?
Somebody raises the question, preacher, how do I celebrate Thanksgiving every day?
The Bible says in verse 24, this is the day the Lord has made.
We will rejoice.
and be glad in it.
If we're going to celebrate Thanksgiving every day and have Thanksgiving every day, we gotta choose to be thankful.
Thanksgiving is more than an emotion.
Thanksgiving is more than a feeling.
Thanksgiving is more than your endorphins and your dopamine being high.
Thanksgiving is a choice.
Can I preach this?
Sometimes we treat Thanksgiving like any motion when something happens, I'm thankful.
Or when I feel good or get eight hours of sleep, I'm thankful.
Or when things go my way, I'm thankful.
But the Psalmist says, we will.
Come on, help me preach this.
Will is declarative.
Will requires determination.
Will requires a choice.
Will requires grit.
Will requires fortitude.
Will requires intestinal fortitude and tenacity.
Can I preach on this Sunday morning?
And I dare everybody to make the choice to be grateful.
Things won't always go your way.
Things are not always in your favor.
Life ain't a crystal stare, but we gotta choose to be thankful.
Am I preaching to anybody on this Sunday morning?
Yes, life ain't been a crystal stare, but if I look around me, look at what God has done, spend more time looking up than looking down, look to God who is the source of my strength, not looking at what they got and what I don't have, not looking at where they've been and where I haven't been, but if I look to God, come on help me preach this.
I will look to the hills who will come and my strength, my help comes from Almighty God.
Then I'm gonna choose to be thankful.
Do I have a thousand people in Watchtower and virtually who gonna make the choice to be thankful?
I choose to be thankful.
I choose to look at how blessed I am.
I choose to look at the shoes on my feet.
I choose to look at the favor of God in my life.
I choose to be thankful for the job I have.
I choose to be thankful for where God has brought me from.
I choose to be grateful.
Look at your name and say, it's a choice.
We will.
You want to have Thanksgiving every day?
You got to choose to be thankful.
But not just choose to be thankful.
If you want to have Thanksgiving every day, you got to connect with thankful
This is the day the Lord has made.
We, not just our, but we will rejoice.
The psalmist has surrounded himself with other saints who are appreciative, grateful, and thankful.
Come on, help me preach this.
If you want an attitude of gratitude,
If you want to celebrate Thanksgiving every day, you got to connect with other thankful people.
Who we spend time with will affect and impact how we see the world.
And maybe the problem with some of us.
is that we are spending too much time with negative Nellie.
Maybe we are spending too much time with critical Christina.
Maybe we are spending too much time with hating Harold.
Y'all weren't gonna get me to say Harry.
Maybe we are spending too much time with the cynical pessimistic
Half, half glass, empty folk.
Instead of spending time with grateful, appreciative, and thankful people.
We live in a cancel culture, and I don't recommend canceling anybody, but I do recommend keeping your distance from some folk because
If you let some people get close to you, everything will be a problem.
Everything will be treasury.
Everything will be wrong.
Nothing will be taken place.
And the next thing you know, you will be having Thanksgiving all by yourself because nobody wants to be around a miserable, belly-aking, complaining individual.
You wonder why you can't find a date you mean?
You a complainer.
You critical.
Wondering why you can't get the job or get promoted?
Put a smile on your face.
Stop sucking on lemons, talking about what's wrong.
What we can't do, y'all ain't talking to me, but I dare somebody to connect with some other thankful people.
You may not have everything you want, but I'm grateful for what I have.
You better spend some time around some folk
Who gonna help you see the best?
Help you see what God is doing?
Who gonna speak life?
Who gonna encourage you?
Who gonna see the best in situations?
Who gonna tell you what you can become?
Who gonna say what we can do?
Do I have a witness in here on this Sunday morning?
Can anybody surround yourself with somebody who sees all that you can be?
I need you, you need me.
We all are part of God's family.
I'm not going to hurt you with the words of my mouth, but I'm going to see the best in you.
You will have thanksgiving every day.
You got to connect with thankful people.
You'll have thanksgiving every day.
We got to choose to be thankful.
We're going to connect with
We're gonna have Thanksgiving every day.
We gotta concentrate on the character of God.
Psalm 118 begins with, the Lord is good.
Psalm 118, verse one says, oh, give thanks to the Lord, for he is good.
His mercy endures forever.
Then verse 29, the end of Psalm 118 says, Oh, give thanks to the Lord, for He is good, for His mercy endures forever.
If we're going to have thanksgiving every day, help me close this sermon, watch chapel.
We got to concentrate on the character of Almighty God.
And if you know something about the character of Almighty God, you know that God is a creator.
God is a sustainer.
God not only is creator and sustainer, but most importantly, somebody needs to hear this on this Sunday morning.
God is a good God.
And if you and I just make up in our mind that we are going to concentrate on the goodness of Almighty God, concentrate on the character of Almighty God, we will be able to celebrate Thanksgiving every day.
Can I preach on this Sunday morning?
You better stop spending so much time on CNN and MSNBC and concentrate on the character of Almighty God.
Spend less time in the news and observer in USA Today and concentrate on the character of God.
Spend less time on Facebook and Instagram and spend more time concentrating on the character of Almighty God.
minding somebody else's business and spend time concentrating on the character of God.
I wish I had time to call the role because if you spend time on the character of Almighty God, you'll see how blessed you really are.
I'd dance somebody on this night when you go home and go to sleep.
Just the character traits of Almighty God.
Do I have a witness on this Sunday morning?
God is good.
God is great.
God is awesome.
God is generous.
God is excellent.
God is merciful.
God is gracious.
God is providential.
God is mighty.
Can I keep calling the room?
God is awesome.
God is a way maker.
God is a keeper.
God is a sustainer.
God is healer.
God is protector.
God is Prabhata.
God is Alpha and Omega.
The beginning and the end.
The first and the last.
God is the keeper of our head.
He's a burden bearer.
He's a heavy load sheriff.
He's a Patoax in the time of storm.
Do you know who God is?
I dare you to concentrate on the character of Almighty God.
And when you concentrate on his character, you'll see how blessed you are.
You'll see for how far he's brought you from.
You'll see how blessed you are right now.
I dare you right now to have Thanksgiving on Sunday morning.
Count your blessing.
Name them one by one.
See the great things that God has done.
Is anybody blessed on this Sunday morning?
Do I have a thousand blessed people?
In what chapel?
On the Sunday morning?
I got hands.
I got eyes.
Can I count your blessings for you?
You got shoes.
The mortgage is paid.
You got somewhere to go on for everything.
You got greens, potatoes.
Gams, can I follow the role?
And guess what?
Can I say it the way I want to say it?
You got leftovers on Friday!
Saturday!
Stand to your feet.
Tell your neighbor we gonna have Thanksgiving every day.
We gon' have Thanksgiving every day.
Somebody, I feel a praise coming on right now.
Say, I'm choosing to be thankful.
I ain't gon' complain.
I ain't bellyache it.
I ain't whining.
I'm choosing to be thankful.
Hallelujah.
I got to cook all this food.
You got food to cook.
It's going to be traffic.
You got somebody that's going to open their house for you to come fellowship.
So it's all going to be there.
They owe me money.
They one person.
You ain't missed out on that $100.
God, I'll bless you 10 times over.
Let that go.
As somebody on this Sunday morning, this Sunday before Thanksgiving, my brother, my sister, you're here.
I'm extending this invitation for you right now, my brother, my sister, to accept Jesus Christ as your savior.
and to respond to God's goodness in your life.
You don't have a church home, you're not saved.
My brother, my sister, I want you to come from wherever you are to accept the greatest gift you can accept, the gift of salvation.
Come on, brother, come on, sister, wherever you are.
You don't have a church home, you're not saved.
We're extending this invitation right now for you to accept Jesus Christ as your savior, extending this invitation for you to accept the gift of church membership.
I'm talking to you, brother.
I'm talking to you, sister.
Come from wherever you are.
You look over your life, say, God has been terribly good to me.
God's been really good to me.
Oh, my gosh.
Come on, brother.
Come on, sister.
Maybe a family right now.
You're here.
You're not here by accident, but the word is challenging you right now to a deeper relationship.
The blessing of connection.
God bless you, brother.
Come on.
Amen.
Amen, brother.
Have a seat right here.
Amen.
God bless you.
This brother is coming.
Maybe somebody else right now.
who wants to unite with watch chapel.
You're saved.
You're not saved.
We want to lead you to Christ, my brother, my sister.
You're naughty.
You don't have a connection to a church family.
You don't comprehend what salvation means.
We're going to explain it to you.
We're going to lead you to Christ, my brother.
You're saved, but you don't have a church family.
You've been visiting, you've been worshiping, you've been attending, you've been here for six months.
Folk, thank you, a member.
But you have yet to commit and connect with Watched Apple.
My sister, my brother, I'm talking to you right now.
I want you to come from wherever you are this Sunday, right before Thanksgiving.
If I'm talking to you, I want you to come from wherever you are.
Is there another this morning?
You need a church family.
You need a church home.
You need to be connected with some thankful people.
I can't speak for you.
I get tired of negative nilly.
I get tired of hating Harold.
Sometimes you look at the phone with somebody called, you be like, okay.
I got you tomorrow.
After I'm prayed up, then I'll call you.
And then we gonna make it three minutes at the most.
Uh-huh, yeah.
All right now.
Shall I tell you, call me?
Okay, all right.
I gotta go, my wife called on me, I gotta...
It may be somebody else, my brother, my sister, you're here.
I'm talking to you.
I want to open the altar for prayer today.
You needed to hear this word.
For some reason, some shape or form.
I want you to come to the altar.
Thanksgiving is a tough season for you.
Holidays are tough.
You may be in a rough tough season and you need to replay this word in your mind.
You need the Holy Ghost to help you choose to be thankful.
You feel lonely during this season.
Ain't that many thankful, positive, grateful people in your family.
You might be the only one.
Anybody ever have to talk to yourself?
Come on now.
Ain't nothing like sanctified self-talk.
Everybody take a step forward, take a step forward.
People behind you take a step forward.
You gotta learn how to talk to yourself.
Can I be real with somebody on this day?
What we say to ourselves is more important than what other people say to us.
What we say to us is more important than what they say to us.
Brother, sister, you better learn how to talk good to yourself
You better tell yourself, I'm blessed.
I am blessed.
I'm more blessed than I realize.
I got the favor of God.
I'm blessed in ways I don't even know.
Look where God has brought me from.
I'm making progress in my life.
Lord, in Jesus' name I pray right now, for every man and woman who has made their way to the altar,
I pray right now for everybody who is in the sanctuary, everybody who is watching virtually and worshiping virtually.
I pray right now that you challenge us to celebrate Thanksgiving every day.
When we wake up, help us to see how blessed we are.
Help us choose to see blessings.
Not burdens, but blessings.
Help us choose to be thankful.
Lord, connect us with thankful friends and thankful family.
Raise up friends and family who are grateful, appreciative and thankful.
Give us discernment.
to discover who's a hater.
Give us discernment to discover who's a frenemy.
And Lord, when we're tempted to complain, convict us, Holy Spirit.
When we're tempted to be ungrateful and unthankful and unappreciative, convict us in Jesus' name.
Help us every day, each day to concentrate on your character.
Or your character is awesome.
Character is redemptive.
Concentrate less on stuff and more on you and who you are.
Blessed are now in Jesus name.
People of God said, amen.
Amen.
Tell somebody we're gonna have thanksgiving every day.